HAAR MEASURE AND QUOTIENT INTEGRATION — PORTABLE SOURCE EDITION
3 October 2026

Scope: the exact publicly released four-lesson companion, all seven bundled
prerequisite chapters, and the Fremlin-derived supplementary uniqueness proof.
This is not the complete harmonic-analysis course. All twelve editable source
bodies, the corresponding public HTML witnesses, original credits and component
notices are preserved unchanged. Source self-review declarations are retained;
format conversion does not add independent mathematical or human review.

Public source: KokunoYumeto/open-math-courses, commit
4052a2ff41ac1b77d3749bf49c30cdbdedd1553f.
Online reading:
https://kokunoyumeto.github.io/open-math-courses/courses/harmonic-analysis-on-locally-compact-groups/reader/
Programme:
https://kokunoyumeto.github.io/program-matematika-indonesia/en/

Source and conversion provenance
Original contributions and self-checks by Claude Opus 5.5 (effort not recorded),
OpenAI Codex GPT-6 Astra, Ultra, and GPT-6.1 Sol, Ultra, are identified in the
unchanged chapters and authority/public-provenance.json. Human mathematical
sources remain credited. Source-preserving format conversion and format/layout
checks: OpenAI Codex — GPT-6 Astra, Ultra effort. No everyday-English rewrite.

Rights
The four main lessons and seven programme prerequisite chapters are CC0 1.0.
The separate Fremlin-derived supplementary proof is under the Design Science
License. Its credit, changes, copyright and disclaimer remain with the proof;
the complete original licence is in licences/design-science-license.txt and in
the cumulative edition. This collection does not relicense that component as
CC0. Native parser notices and MathJax's licence accompany their source files.

Direct editable source
output/01-haar-measure-and-quotient-integration.tex contains the complete released
reading text. It is not a thin master referring to unpublished chapters. The ZIP
additionally preserves the twelve original Markdown bodies, HTML witnesses,
metadata, parser dependency closure, exact layout contracts and build scripts.
There are no omitted course figures or local image dependencies in this selection.

Reproduction environment used
- Python 3 with markdown-it-py, lxml, PyMuPDF and Pillow.
- Pandoc 3.9.0.2, Node.js 22, Playwright and headless Chromium.
- MathJax 3.2.2 and the exact bundled extension recorded in EXTENSIONS.json.
- XeTeX/MiKTeX 26.5, standard LaTeX packages including amsmath, amssymb, mathrsfs,
  newunicodechar, fvextra and needspace; Libertinus Serif and DejaVu Sans Mono.
- PowerShell 7. The supplied TeX wrapper acquires Global\InterlanguageTeXSlotV1,
  disables shell escape and the package installer, captures only its own worker,
  and releases the mutex when compilation ends. An unavailable slot affects only
  compilation, not source or EPUB processing.

Extract this ZIP into a fresh directory. Do not overwrite an active source tree.
Set PYTHONUTF8=1. Put Pandoc, Node and PowerShell on PATH. Set COURSE_PANDOC if
Pandoc is elsewhere; COURSE_PLAYWRIGHT_MODULE identifies your installed Playwright
module and COURSE_CHROMIUM your Chromium executable. No browser window is opened;
fallback mathematics renders headlessly with network requests blocked.

Run from the extracted root, in this order:
  python -B scripts/build_course_format_pilot_20261002.py --work .
  python -B scripts/seal_course_epub_20261002.py --work . --prepare
  node scripts/render_epub_fallback_math_20261002.mjs .
  python -B scripts/seal_course_epub_20261002.py --work .
  pwsh -NoProfile -File scripts/build_course_pdf_guarded_20261002.ps1 -Work . -Passes 3

The cumulative TeX can also be compiled through the supplied mutex wrapper after
extraction. Three passes resolve the contents and internal cross-references.
The fixed source epoch and deterministic EPUB timestamps are in SOURCE_MANIFEST.
Reproducing identical bytes requires matching the recorded tools and fonts.

Format-only projections
The export uses each full published lesson article after comparison against its
exact editable Markdown. Ordered-list labels participate in the comparison.
CRLF/line indentation in mathematics is reconciled with the frozen parser's
formula output; inner text spaces, symbols, signs, values and formula order are
not discarded. Original source bytes remain unchanged.
PDF_LAYOUT_V1.json inserts line breaks into three long displays without removing
mathematical tokens. Standalone statement headings reserve room for their opening
lines. EPUB_INLINE_LAYOUT.json names 31 measured long inline expressions, which
remain unchanged inside locally scrolling spans. Native anchors are retained;
included prerequisites and the supplementary proof are linked inside the book.
External further-reading links remain online references, not included proofs.

Publication files, in order
00-haar-measure-and-quotient-integration.pdf — reading preview
01-haar-measure-and-quotient-integration.tex — direct complete editable source
02-haar-measure-and-quotient-integration-source.zip — complete source/build closure
03-haar-measure-and-quotient-integration.epub — reflowable offline reader

Local export checks do not establish Zenodo publication. Public preservation is
recorded separately only after anonymous inventory and byte/hash readback.

Source refresh: exact public commit 4052a2ff41ac1b77d3749bf49c30cdbdedd1553f. All format validation is rerun for this edition; earlier edition receipts are not inherited.
